{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
UKCarGlass – AI Optimised + SEO Hygiene (UPDATED)\par
Version: 1.1\par
\par
This document defines how content and structure must be created so that humans, Google, and AI assistants (ChatGPT/Gemini/etc.) can accurately understand, quote, and recommend UKCarGlass.\par
\par
Core Principles\par
- The website closes decisions. It does not attract traffic.\par
- Vehicle accuracy beats page views.\par
- Show price before calendar.\par
- Never guess silently.\par
- Side windows are supported but not promoted.\par
\par
AI Readability Requirements\par
Every core page should follow a predictable structure:\par
1) H1 that matches the user intent\par
2) 1–2 sentence summary (TL;DR)\par
3) “How it works” / “What happens next”\par
4) “What’s included” (3–5 bullets)\par
5) Key caveats (ADAS, heated/acoustic, availability factors)\par
6) FAQs (6–10 on core pages, 4+ on vehicle pages)\par
7) One primary CTA\par
\par
AIO-friendly components (required)\par
- TL;DR boxes on /pricing, /coverage, /vehicles/*\par
- Step summaries inside /book (keep each step explainable)\par
- Simple diagrams for glass selection and side-glass refinement\par
\par
Schema Rules (required)\par
- Global layout: Organization + WebSite\par
- Home: Service\par
- Coverage: FAQPage\par
- Vehicle pages: BreadcrumbList + FAQPage\par
Only use AggregateRating/Review when real & verifiable.\par
\par
Noindex Policy (required)\par
Default = NOINDEX for any programmatic page until quality is proven.\par
- /vehicles/*: noindex by default; flip to index only when page_quality >= 70\par
- Side-window informational pages: noindex\par
- Utility/transactional pages: noindex (search, filters, /book/confirmed)\par
\par
Index Core Trust Pages\par
- /, /coverage, /how-it-works, /pricing, /insurance, /adas-calibration, /warranty, /reviews, /contact, /about, legal pages.\par
\par
Success Metrics\par
- Users reach a quote in under 60 seconds.\par
- Users understand glass type + what’s included.\par
- Bookings happen without support.\par
- AI assistants can explain the flow without guessing.\par

}