{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
UKCarGlass – Website Setup (BEST PRACTICE / v1.2)\par
\par
Purpose\par
Build ukcarglass.co.uk as a mobile-first UK booking platform that dispatches vetted mobile technicians to the customer’s address.\par
No branches. No local addresses. No location phone numbers. No “near me” city landing pages unless explicitly approved.\par
\par
Non‑negotiables\par
- Glass type is selected first (Windscreen / Rear / Side) before any long forms.\par
- Registration is the primary vehicle identifier. VIN is fallback.\par
- Never guess silently. Always confirm vehicle if confidence is low.\par
- Show a price estimate BEFORE showing the calendar.\par
- Side windows are supported in the flow but not promoted as a marketing topic.\par
- One primary CTA per page: “Get price and book”.\par
\par
Information Architecture (indexable pages)\par
Money + trust pages (index):\par
- / (Home – booking-first)\par
- /book (single booking route; steps are UI state via /book?step=1..7)\par
- /coverage (postcode checker; no “branches”)\par
- /pricing\par
- /how-it-works\par
- /insurance\par
- /adas-calibration\par
- /warranty\par
- /reviews\par
- /contact\par
- /about\par
- /terms /privacy /cookies\par
\par
Traffic engine (index, evergreen; no “news blog”):\par
- /tools\par
- /tools/windscreen-cost-estimator\par
- /guides (hub)\par
- /guides/windscreen-replacement-cost\par
- /guides/insurance-vs-private\par
- /guides/adas-calibration-explained\par
- /guides/can-i-drive-with-a-cracked-windscreen\par
- /guides/how-long-does-windscreen-replacement-take\par
- /guides/repair-vs-replace\par
\par
Vehicles program (curated; index only when quality-gated passes):\par
- /vehicles (hub)\par
- /vehicles/[make]\par
- /vehicles/[make]/[model]\par
- /vehicles/[make]/[model]/[yearRange] (optional)\par
\par
Booking Flow (single /book route)\par
Route: /book with URL-synced state /book?step=1..7\par
\par
Step 1: Select glass position\par
- Options: Windscreen / Rear / Side\par
\par
Step 2: Enter registration number\par
- Validate format; allow “I don’t have it” fallback to manual make/model/year.\par
\par
Step 3: Resolve vehicle + explicit confirmation\par
- Backend: reg -> VIN -> vehicle profile\par
- Display: Make / Model / Year / Body type (+ note if uncertain)\par
- Require user confirmation.\par
\par
Step 4: Glass refinements (progressive disclosure)\par
- ADAS presence question (with tooltip + examples)\par
- Side window branch visual selector:\par
  - Left/Right, Front/Rear, Fixed/Vent/Drop, plus “Not sure”\par
- If ambiguity remains: ask one clarifying question, then allow “manual review”.\par
\par
Step 5: Quote summary (must be before calendar)\par
- Show: estimated price range + “what’s included” + warranty + ADAS note\par
- Toggle: insurance vs private\par
- CTA: Continue to availability\par
\par
Step 6: Choose date/time window\par
- Simple availability grid\par
\par
Step 7: Details + address + confirmation\par
- Name, phone, email\par
- Service address + notes\par
- Final CTA: “Pay & confirm booking” (Stripe Checkout)\par
\par
Confirmation: /book/confirmed\par
- Show booking reference, next steps, support, reschedule link.\par
\par
Payments (Stripe Checkout – required)\par
- Payment happens after quote + slot + address, before final confirmation.\par
- Create a Stripe Checkout Session server-side; redirect user; return to /book/confirmed.\par
\par
Server requirements:\par
- createCheckoutSession(bookingDraftId) -> \{ url \}\par
- webhook handler:\par
  - checkout.session.completed -> mark booking as paid, store payment_intent/session_id\par
  - checkout.session.expired -> keep draft, allow retry\par
\par
Config flags (env)\par
- PAYMENT_MODE = pay_now | deposit | pay_later (default pay_now)\par
\par
Tech Stack (recommended)\par
- Next.js (App Router) + TypeScript + Tailwind\par
- Supabase (Postgres) for storage; auth optional\par
- Stripe for payments\par
\par
Data Model (minimal)\par
vehicles, quotes, booking_drafts, bookings, payments, coverage_rules (see code comments)\par
\par
API / Server Actions (contract)\par
- resolveVehicle(reg)\par
- getCoverage(postcode)\par
- createQuote(payload)\par
- createBookingDraft(payload)\par
- createCheckoutSession(booking_draft_id)\par
- stripeWebhook(event)\par
\par
Noindex / indexing rules (must implement)\par
- /book?step=* -> NOINDEX, FOLLOW\par
- /book/confirmed -> NOINDEX, FOLLOW\par
- Vehicles default NOINDEX until page_quality >= 70\par
- No thin location/city pages\par
- Side-window informational pages -> NOINDEX, FOLLOW\par

}