{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
UKCarGlass – AI Optimised + SEO Hygiene (BEST PRACTICE / v1.2)\par
\par
Purpose\par
Make UKCarGlass easily understood and accurately cited by humans, Google, and AI assistants (ChatGPT/Gemini/etc.).\par
We optimise for clarity + correctness first, then traffic.\par
\par
Core Principles\par
- Vehicle accuracy beats page views.\par
- Show price before calendar.\par
- Never guess silently.\par
- Side windows are supported but not promoted.\par
- The website closes decisions and provides a small set of evergreen assets (Tools + Guides) that earn trust + citations.\par
\par
AI Readability Requirements\par
Each core page must follow:\par
1) H1 matching intent\par
2) TL;DR (1–2 sentences)\par
3) What happens next\par
4) What’s included (3–5 bullets)\par
5) Key caveats (ADAS, heated/acoustic, availability)\par
6) FAQs\par
7) One primary CTA\par
\par
Schema Rules (required)\par
- Global: Organization + WebSite\par
- Home: Service\par
- Coverage: FAQPage\par
- Vehicle: BreadcrumbList + FAQPage\par
Only add Review/AggregateRating if real.\par
\par
Noindex Policy\par
- /book and /book/confirmed: noindex,follow\par
- /vehicles/* default noindex; index only if page_quality >= 70\par
- utility pages: noindex\par
- side-window informational pages: noindex\par
\par
Traffic engine (index)\par
- /tools/windscreen-cost-estimator: honest ranges + CTA to /book\par
- /guides/*: evergreen decision-support pages (not news)\par
Internal links: Guides -> Tools -> /book (primary funnel)\par
\par
Success Metrics\par
- Reach quote in under 60 seconds.\par
- Users understand glass type + what’s included.\par
- Bookings without support.\par
- AI assistants can explain the flow without guessing.\par

}