{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
UKCarGlass – Website Setup (UPDATED)\par
Version: 1.1\par
\par
Purpose\par
Build the new ukcarglass.co.uk website as a mobile-first, nationwide UK booking platform that dispatches vetted mobile technicians. No branches, no local addresses, no multiple phone numbers.\par
\par
Option Strategy (must implement)\par
Opt 1: Coverage hub + postcode checker (primary discovery/validation)\par
Opt B: Curated vehicle pages (AI-friendly, NOT mass generated)\par
\par
Primary Routes\par
- / (Home – booking-first)\par
- /book (Single booking route; steps via state or /book?step=1..7)\par
- /coverage (Nationwide coverage + postcode checker; no “branches”)\par
- /how-it-works\par
- /pricing\par
- /insurance\par
- /adas-calibration\par
- /warranty\par
- /reviews\par
- /contact\par
- /about\par
- /terms /privacy /cookies\par
\par
Coverage Page: High-Converting Blocks\par
Hero\par
- H1: Nationwide mobile windscreen replacement\par
- Sub: We come to your address, anywhere in the UK. Enter your postcode to confirm coverage and typical availability.\par
- Input label: Postcode\par
- Primary CTA: Check coverage\par
- Secondary CTA: Get price and book\par
\par
Result states\par
- Covered: Good news, we cover your area. Typical availability: \{min\}-\{max\} days. CTA: Continue to booking\par
- Not covered: We don’t currently cover this postcode. Offer: Leave your details and we’ll notify you when we expand.\par
\par
Map block (no fake pins)\par
- Title: Mobile technicians, not branches\par
- Copy: UKCarGlass is an online booking platform. We dispatch vetted mobile technicians from our nationwide network to your chosen address.\par
\par
What affects availability\par
- Glass type (front/rear/side)\par
- ADAS cameras/sensors\par
- Heated/acoustic glass\par
- Vehicle variant\par
- Stock and delivery time\par
\par
Trust strip chips\par
- Nationwide mobile service\par
- ADAS support\par
- Warranty included\par
- Clear pricing before booking\par
- Support by phone + chat\par
\par
Coverage FAQ\par
- Do you have local branches? No. We’re mobile. We come to your address with the correct glass and tools.\par
- Who does the work? A vetted technician from our nationwide network, booked and supported through UKCarGlass.\par
- Can you do workplace/driveway installs? Yes, as long as there’s safe access and space to work.\par
\par
Curated Vehicle Pages (Opt B)\par
URL format:\par
- /vehicles/\{make\}/\{model\}/\{year-range\}\par
Example: /vehicles/ford/focus/2018-2024\par
Rule: Avoid chassis in the URL. If chassis matters, show it on-page after VIN/reg resolution.\par
\par
Vehicle Page Template Blocks\par
Hero\par
- H1: \{Make\} \{Model\} windscreen replacement (\{YearRange\})\par
- Sub: Mobile service across the UK. Get a price estimate and book in minutes.\par
- CTA: Get price and book\par
- Microcopy: Start with your registration to match the correct glass.\par
\par
TL;DR box\par
- Service: Mobile windscreen replacement at your chosen address\par
- What’s included: Glass, fitting, consumables, disposal\par
- ADAS: If your car has cameras/sensors, calibration may be required\par
- Best next step: Enter your registration for an accurate match\par
\par
Common options (only if true/data-backed)\par
- Heated windscreen\par
- Acoustic glass\par
- Rain/light sensor\par
- Lane camera (ADAS)\par
\par
Typical price range block (honest)\par
- Copy: Most \{Make\} \{Model\} (\{YearRange\}) jobs fall in the range of £\{low\}–£\{high\}, depending on glass type and ADAS.\par
- Note: Final price is confirmed after registration lookup.\par
\par
Schema JSON-LD (Main Pages)\par
\par
1) Site-wide (global layout)\par
<script type="application/ld+json">\par
\{\par
  "@context": "https://schema.org",\par
  "@graph": [\par
    \{\par
      "@type": "Organization",\par
      "@id": "https://ukcarglass.co.uk/#org",\par
      "name": "UKCarGlass",\par
      "url": "https://ukcarglass.co.uk/",\par
      "logo": "https://ukcarglass.co.uk/logo.png",\par
      "sameAs": ["https://www.trustpilot.com/review/ukcarglass.co.uk"],\par
      "contactPoint": [\{\par
        "@type": "ContactPoint",\par
        "contactType": "customer support",\par
        "telephone": "+44XXXXXXXXXX",\par
        "email": "support@ukcarglass.co.uk",\par
        "areaServed": "GB",\par
        "availableLanguage": ["en-GB"]\par
      \}]\par
    \},\par
    \{\par
      "@type": "WebSite",\par
      "@id": "https://ukcarglass.co.uk/#website",\par
      "url": "https://ukcarglass.co.uk/",\par
      "name": "UKCarGlass",\par
      "publisher": \{ "@id": "https://ukcarglass.co.uk/#org" \},\par
      "inLanguage": "en-GB"\par
    \}\par
  ]\par
\}\par
</script>\par
\par
2) Home page (Service)\par
<script type="application/ld+json">\par
\{\par
  "@context": "https://schema.org",\par
  "@type": "Service",\par
  "@id": "https://ukcarglass.co.uk/#service",\par
  "name": "Mobile windscreen replacement",\par
  "provider": \{ "@id": "https://ukcarglass.co.uk/#org" \},\par
  "areaServed": "GB",\par
  "serviceType": ["Windscreen replacement", "Auto glass replacement"],\par
  "url": "https://ukcarglass.co.uk/",\par
  "description": "Online booking platform for mobile windscreen replacement across the UK. Pricing and booking are confirmed after registration lookup."\par
\}\par
</script>\par
\par
3) Coverage page (FAQPage)\par
<script type="application/ld+json">\par
\{\par
  "@context": "https://schema.org",\par
  "@type": "FAQPage",\par
  "mainEntity": [\par
    \{\par
      "@type": "Question",\par
      "name": "Do you have local branches?",\par
      "acceptedAnswer": \{ "@type": "Answer", "text": "No. UKCarGlass is a mobile service. We dispatch a vetted technician to your chosen address." \}\par
    \},\par
    \{\par
      "@type": "Question",\par
      "name": "Do you cover my area?",\par
      "acceptedAnswer": \{ "@type": "Answer", "text": "Use the postcode checker on this page to confirm coverage and typical availability." \}\par
    \},\par
    \{\par
      "@type": "Question",\par
      "name": "Who carries out the work?",\par
      "acceptedAnswer": \{ "@type": "Answer", "text": "Work is completed by a vetted mobile technician from our nationwide network, booked and supported through UKCarGlass." \}\par
    \}\par
  ]\par
\}\par
</script>\par
\par
4) Vehicle pages (BreadcrumbList + FAQPage)\par
<script type="application/ld+json">\par
\{\par
  "@context": "https://schema.org",\par
  "@type": "BreadcrumbList",\par
  "itemListElement": [\par
    \{ "@type": "ListItem", "position": 1, "name": "Vehicles", "item": "https://ukcarglass.co.uk/vehicles" \},\par
    \{ "@type": "ListItem", "position": 2, "name": "\{Make\}", "item": "https://ukcarglass.co.uk/vehicles/\{make\}" \},\par
    \{ "@type": "ListItem", "position": 3, "name": "\{Model\}", "item": "https://ukcarglass.co.uk/vehicles/\{make\}/\{model\}" \},\par
    \{ "@type": "ListItem", "position": 4, "name": "\{YearRange\}", "item": "https://ukcarglass.co.uk/vehicles/\{make\}/\{model\}/\{yearRange\}" \}\par
  ]\par
\}\par
</script>\par
\par
<script type="application/ld+json">\par
\{\par
  "@context": "https://schema.org",\par
  "@type": "FAQPage",\par
  "mainEntity": [\par
    \{\par
      "@type": "Question",\par
      "name": "How do I ensure the correct glass for my \{Make\} \{Model\}?",\par
      "acceptedAnswer": \{ "@type": "Answer", "text": "Start the booking with your registration. We use vehicle lookup to match the correct glass and options such as ADAS or heated screens." \}\par
    \},\par
    \{\par
      "@type": "Question",\par
      "name": "Do you come to my address?",\par
      "acceptedAnswer": \{ "@type": "Answer", "text": "Yes. We dispatch a mobile technician to your chosen address across the UK (subject to postcode coverage)." \}\par
    \}\par
  ]\par
\}\par
</script>\par
\par
Schema guardrail\par
Only add AggregateRating/Review schema if you have real, verifiable numbers. No placeholders.\par
\par
Noindex Rules (must implement)\par
Default = NOINDEX for programmatic pages until quality proven.\par
\par
NOINDEX, FOLLOW:\par
- Side-window informational pages (if any)\par
- Vehicle pages that are thin/duplicate or lack data-backed uniqueness\par
- Any location/city page you can’t make unique (avoid these anyway)\par
- Utility pages (search, filters, /book/confirmed, etc.)\par
\par
INDEX:\par
- Core pages: /, /coverage, /how-it-works, /pricing, /insurance, /adas-calibration, /warranty, /reviews, /contact, /about, legal pages.\par
- Vehicle pages only if page_quality >= 70.\par
\par
Page quality scoring (0..100)\par
+25 model-specific options (data-backed)\par
+25 model-specific price range\par
+20 4+ tailored FAQs\par
+15 model-specific ADAS guidance\par
+15 uniqueness score (low duplication)\par
Index only if >= 70.\par
\par
Implementation hint (Next.js)\par
If page_quality < threshold:\par
<meta name="robots" content="noindex,follow">\par
Else:\par
<meta name="robots" content="index,follow">\par

}